Remove redudant steps from instruction (#41953)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/services/connect-applications-service.md

```shell
kubectl create configmap nginxconfigmap --from-file=default.conf
```

> Note: The `default.conf` file is located in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find an example for `default.conf` in
```

> [https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/).

Reviewer: Try https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/bc9ca4ca32bb28762ef216386934bef20f1f9930/staging/https-nginx/ (pinning to a commit)

```shell
kubectl create configmap nginxconfigmap --from-file=default.conf
```

> Note: the default.conf is located in [https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Note: The `default.conf` file is located in
[https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/](https://github.com/kubernetes/examples/tree/master/staging/https-nginx/).
```

NAME             DATA   AGE
nginxconfigmap   1      114s
```

> Details of the configmap ```nginxconfigmap``` can be viewed with the following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the details of the `nginxconfigmap` ConfigMap using the following command:

```
It's better to use an active statement to describe a command operation.

> ```
> kubectl describe cm nginxconfigmap
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
kubectl describe cm nginxconfigmap
```
```

> The output can look like the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The output is similar to:
```
This change is only for style consistency.

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```console
```

NAME             DATA   AGE
nginxconfigmap   1      114s
```

Details of the configmap ```nginxconfigmap``` can be viewed with the following command
```shell
kubectl describe cm nginxconfigmap

> 

Reviewer: There's a line missing here. Also, write `configmap` not `cm` - it helps people learn.

Author: Changed cm to conffigmap. Were you referring to a missing line after the kubectl describe cm nginxconfigmap
 line? That has been added as well

Reviewer: I'd expect to see <tt>```</tt> on this line, ending the sample command.

cat /d/tmp/nginx.crt | base64
cat /d/tmp/nginx.key | base64
```

> <!-- 

Reviewer: Why comment this out?
